What is super() ?
> super() is special method which is given by Java to us, it call the parent or super class of existing class. 
> In Java we have a concept called `Inheritance` because of which one class can extends or take method and 
  properties of super or parent class. 
> This super() method calls the constructor of parent class. We don't need to define the super() method inside a 
  class it is there just like constructor If we don't define constructor Java gives us the default constructor 
  with no parameters similarly Java creates the super() method inside every constructor we create.
> By default super() method calls the constructor which has no parameters but what if we want to call the 
  parameterised constructor of parent classs. In that case we have to write super(parameter) with parameter and
  then Java it will call the parameterised constructor of parent/super class.
> We also have this() method this will prevent our constructor from calling the parent constructor and it will 
  call the constructor of this same class. 
> To understand the above point let's consider a example, suppose you have class called Bird and it has two 
  constructor one with parameter and one without any parameter and this class extends a class named Bird.

  class Eagle extends Bird {
     Eagle() {
        //normal constructor
     }
     Eagle(String name) {
        //parameter constructor
     }
  }

> Whenever you create a object from using any of these constructor by default because of super() method each 
  constructor will call the constructor of parent class but if you use this() method it will call the 
  constructor of same class which is Eagle. For example if you call this() method inside parameterised constructor
  it will call the normal constructor of Eagle class and Java will not add super() method in this case.
  similarly if you called this("Eagle") method inside normal constructor it will not call the constructor of 
  parent class instead of that it will call the parameterised constructor of same class (Eagle).

> Nested class also extends another class in other words nested classes can also do Inheritance and they 
  will also called the constructor of extended class.
  
