what is package ? 
> In Java we called folder as package. Java has there own many packages and we can define our own packages also.
> By default we have Java.lang.* package imported in every Java file. It is not visible by Java will add this folder
  us. That is why we don't add any import statement in our file for using System.out.print(). This sout is 
  also a file of Java.lang.* package.
> To import other package into our file we have to write `import` keyword and the package name. 
> We can import n number of packages inside a single Java file.
> If you want to publish you package to on internet you have must name your package unqiue. To keep name unique 
  we often use our domain name is reverse order. e.g: com.mr-robot.penitrate.
  penitrate is our package and we prefix it with reverse of our domain.

What are access modifiers ?
> Access modifiers are some keyword which handles the visiblity of variable or method. 
> In Java we have 4 access modifiers:
    1) default: To give default access to your variable or method we don't have any keyword. Keep it blank 
                it will become default. On default variable will be accessable only on same package. 
    2) public: To give public access to your variable or method we use `public` keyword. On public your 
               variable or mehtod will be available everywhere, In other word it will be available 
               inside or outside the class, inside or outside of the package. 
    3) private: To give private access to your variable or method we use `private` keyword. On private your
                variable or method will be available only inside the class apart from this private will not be 
                visile anywhere.
    4) protected: To give protected access to your variable or method we use `protected` keyword. On protected your
                  variable or method will be available inside the class and outside class to only those class 
                  which inherit our class. Out the package protected will not be visible.